# Sycor.Back2WorkThis solution helps organizations getting employees from home office back to the companie's offices. You will find more information about the solution on: https://sycor-group.com/de-de/microsoft/portfolio/sycor-apps/sycor-back2work-app.htmlThere you will also find a link for downloading a zip-file with all necessary components for this solution.if you find any issues feel free to report an issue [here](../../issues/new/choose).## How to install the solutionAfter you downloaded the zip-file with the packages there are several steps to get the solution running in your environment.1. Start with deploying all lists for data storage. These lists will be located on a SharePoint site. Follow the steps in the documentation [DeployLists.md](DeployLists.md) for deployment of the lists.2. Then install the Admin PowerApp. This app is used to configure the basic data of this solution. Follow the steps in the documentation [InstallAdminApp.md](InstallAdminApp.md).3. Now you can define your company specific data. This is described in [Configure.md](Configure.md).4. Finally import and configure the PowerApp for end users as described in [SetupApp.md](SetupApp.md).## UsageMore detailed information about the usage of the solution is described in [usage.md](usage.md)## Additional NotesThe solution, mentioned in this documentation and this documentation is provided "As It Is" without any support or warranty. For use in production environments there are some additional task necessary.