# Usage of Sycor.Back2Work
## Scancodes for check in / check out
When you like users to check in into a space by scanning a code with their smartphone, you have to generate a code for each space and fix it somewhere close to the entrance that users may easily check in. As described in [Configure.md](Configure.md) we distiguish between office spaces and public spaces. The only difference is, that users may make reserverations for office spaces and not for public spaces. However, you should generate scancodes for office and public spaces (like coffee machine) to enable users to check in to public spaces.

As PowerApps can read different codes ([more Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/maker/canvas-apps/controls/control-new-barcode-scanner)) you are free to choose your favorite code. However, we recommend using QR codes. Only the title field of a space must be coded, no other information are needed.

When you want to generate all codes for your organization you may export a list of all sites from your SharePoint data source. Open the list btw_site and perform an export to Excel. You can use this list as input for your favorite scancode generation software. It can also be done with Microsoft Word out of the box functionality. One instruction can be found [here](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/add-barcodes-to-labels-495cf789-c9d9-4ea5-8eb9-7299170d4831).

## Detect contacted persons in case of infection
When an employee reports that he is infected and you want to identify with persons that where in contact with the infected employee, you can analyze the content of the SharePoint list btw_locationTrack, where all check in / check out is stored. In this list you can track when a user was checked in to a certain space. We recommend to export the content of this list and make further analysis with external tools like Excel, SQL or PowerBI.